Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english,Context / Alternate 
tier2_infested_farm_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_farm_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_store_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_store_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_cabin_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_cabin_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_cabin_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_office_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_office_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_office_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_office_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier2_infested_office_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier2_infested_office_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_warehouse_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_farm_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_farm_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_farm_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_farm_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_apartments_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_apartments_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_apartments_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_store_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_store_fetch_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier3_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier3_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier4_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier4_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_military_outpost_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier4_infested_city_building_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier4_infested_city_building_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_city_building_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier4_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_store_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier4_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier4_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier4_infested_store_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier5_infested_skyscraper_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier5_infested_skyscraper_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier5_infested_skyscraper_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier5_infested_factory_fetch_and_clear_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_factory_fetch_and_clear_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_factory_fetch_and_clear_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_factory_fetch_and_clear_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_factory_fetch_and_clear_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier5_infested_factory_fetch_and_clear_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier5_infested_factory_fetch_and_clear_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,

tier5_infested_factory_clear_and_defend_infested_quest_name,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_factory_clear_and_defend_infested_subtitle,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_factory_clear_and_defend_infested_description,quests,Quests,,,
quest,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_factory_clear_and_defend_infested_offer,quests,Quests,,,
tier5_infested_factory_clear_and_defend_infested_statement,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier5_infested_factory_clear_and_defend_infested_response,Quest,Quest Info,,,
tier5_infested_factory_clear_and_defend_infested_completion,quests,Quests,,,
